Which of these steps follows the most logical order for a low-to-high sorting algorithm?

A. 1. Scan to find the smallest number
2. Set to O in the index in the output array
3. Remove that number from the input array

B. 1. Scan to find the smallest number
2. Set the length of the array in the index in the output array
3. Remove that number from the input
4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

C. 1. Scan to find the smallest number
2. Set to 0 in the index in the output array
3. Remove that number from the input array
4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

D. 1. Scan to find the largest number
2. Set to 0 in the index in the output array
3. Remove that number from the input array
4. Repeat steps 1-3, but add 1 to the index number for each loop

C

The Data minimization principle requires that you limit data collection to only what is

A. necessary for differential privacy
B. optional for a chain of command
C. needed to have k-anonymity
D. required to fulfill a specific purpose

D

Which of the following are likely benefits of having defined organizational policies? (Select two.)

A. It supports profitable research innovations and intellectual property.
B. It supports accountability and makes it more explicit.
C. It supports consistency of behavior and unification of culture.
D. It supports improved sales and marketing results.

B,C

Which of the following describes the purpose of a STEEPV analysis?

A. To perform a strategic analysis of user needs and behaviors.
B. To perform a strategic analysis of how external environments impact business operations.
C. To perform a strategic analysis of how internal office politics impact business operations.
D. To perform a strategic analysis of how bias can manifest in Al products.

B

What is the function of a red team in a penetration testing exercise?

A. To conduct the simulated attacks
B. To defend against the simulated attacks.
C. To officiate the simulated attacks.
D. To disable the attacks.

A

The Netflix prize privacy scandal is an example of reidentification through

A. k-anonymity
B. database leaks
C. multiple datasets
D. sensitive columns

C

In a classification model that determines whether or not a customer qualifies for a coupon, a significantly lower
percentage of males qualified than females. Which of the following types of discrimination does this outcome
potentially represent?

A. Disparate treatment
B. Disparate non-impact
C. Disparate mistreatment
D. Disparate impact

D

Which of the following is a reason to periodically update a code of ethics document?

A. It allows you to capture the evolving nature of the ethical risks of the product or service that you are
developing.
B. It signals that you care about ethics to internal and external stakeholders.
C. It reinforces the presence of the code of ethics in the minds of the employees.
D. It is a fiduciary and regulatory responsibility for the organization to do so.

A

Why are environmental concerns important to consider in the ethical development of data-driven technologies?

A. Data-driven technologies can cause secondary, indirect, or cumulative effects on the environment that
might impact people in the long term.
B. Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through the invasive mining of resources to
create the technologies.
C. Data-driven technologies directly impact the environment through pollution.
D. Data-driven technologies directly impact living things via displacement.

A

Which of the following is a key element of communications with internal and external stakeholders regarding
an organization's ethics policies?

A. Simple to follow examples
B. Daily communications
C. Dense procedural descriptions
D. Flexible verbiage 

A

Which of the following is a key element of communications with internal and external stakeholders regarding
an organization's ethics policies?

A. Simple to follow examples
B. Daily communications
C. Dense procedural descriptions
D. Flexible verbiage

A

Which of the following is an important action needed for the finalization of internal and external ethics policies
before approval?

A. Discarding open issues to provide a clean slate for the next iteration of the policies
B. Documenting the assumptions and choices made in the drafting of the policies
C. Testing the policy in an already deployed project setting
D. Ensuring the policies are the same as those from other peer organizations 

B

Which of the following is an important reason for continually refreshing an organization's internal and external
ethics policies?
A. It helps internal stakeholders justify the release of new product features or service upgrades.
B. It helps maintain alignment of the policies with the cultural and contextual values of the organization's
employees.
C. It helps maintain alignment with the emergent risks and changing ethical posture of the products and
services of the organization.
D. It helps demonstrate to senior management that work is being done on the internal and external ethics
policies.

C

Which of the following might be a risk of not having an ethical organizational culture?

A. Employees might be less interested in their careers.
B. Employees might face cognitive dissonance.
C. Employees will experience a faster approval process to get a product launched.
D. Employees are more likely to express their opinions about the company. 

B

-- SP26-FE-RE --

An example of a public dataset at risk of an algorithmic privacy violation is the
A. Google Maps satellite view dataset
B. Google search view dataset
C. Stanford hospital dataset
D. Fidelity Bank lending dataset
A

During cross-validation, which of the following dataset splits is used to tune the
performance of a model?
A. Training set
B. Test set
C. Validation test
D. Unit test
C

Which of the following are potential ethical benefits of conducting pilot testing
prior to the release of emerging technologies? (Select two.)
A. It certifies that a product's developers are legally accountable.
B. It minimizes the impact of any ethical issues which may emerge.
C. It demonstrates that the system is functional as early as possible in order to satisfy senior
management and investor stakeholders.
D. It reveals any gaps in accountability or auditability.
B,D

Why is it important to consider Goodhart's law?
A. A model might optimize one metric at the expense of others.
B. A model might be ineffective in its application domain.
C. A model might change its task from classification to regression, or vice versa
D. A model very famous and can be apply to all domain.
A

Which of the following elements should be communicated with end users when
negotiating ethical access to a user's data? (Select two.)
A. The monetary value of that data
B. An offer of money or other incentives to relinquish user's rights
C. The intention behind a certain activity or request
D. A request for consent to perform an action
C,D

What are the limitations of training and testing an Al model in a specific context?
A. Models may perform poorly when applied to different contexts
B. Models require less computational power in limited contexts
C. Models reduce training data requirements when context is specified
D. Models automatically improve when tested in the same context
A

What does the acronym RACI stand for?
A. Relatable, Agreeable, Commendable, Irascible
B. Responsible, Accessible, Consulted, Improvised
C. Redesignable, Accessible, Collected, Informative?
D. Responsible, Accountable, Consulted, Informed
D

What are the essential steps involved in creating personas for user-centric
marketing?
A. Define target audience, conduct research, build fictional personas based on insights,
validate personas
B. Identify privacy risks, analyze data, implement policies, conduct training
C. Conduct surveys, run focus groups, implement findings, analyze result
D. Develop marketing strategies, execute campaigns, evaluate outcomes, adjust tactics
A

Which of the following is a recommended security practice for machine learning
datasets?
A. Ensure your team is full of different perspectives
B. Enact a sound data governance structure
C. Perform threat modeling with beneficial algorithms
D. Create a chain of command
A

You're training a model to classify whether or not a bridge is likely to collapse
given several factors. You have a dataset of thousands of existing bridges and
their attributes, where each bridge is labeled as having collapsed or not
collapsed. Only a handful of bridges in the dataset are labeled as having
collapsed-the rest are labeled as not collapsed. Given your goal of minimizing
bridge collapse and the severe harm it can cause, which of the following metrics
would be most useful for evaluating the model?
A. Accuracy
B. Confusion matrix
C. Precision
D. Recall
D

Which of the following describes extrajudicial judgment?
A. A ruling or scoring made outside of a court.
B. Transferring defendants from one jurisdiction to another for trial.
C. Applying law from one jurisdiction within another.
D. Unusual interpretation of law outside of its typical meaning.
A

Differential privacy works by adding what to a dataset?
A. filters
B. fairness scoring
C. noise
D. k-anonymity
C

When it comes to protecting private data, which of the following could be the
root cause of a problem?
A. The data was stored insecurely.
B. The data was leaked online.
C. The data was deleted from storage.
D. The data was broken.
A

What is the role of interdisciplinary collaboration in tech ethics?
A. It's unnecessary complexity
B. It brings diverse expertise to ethical challenges
C. It slows down development processes
D. It creates conflicting viewpoints only
B

What role does communication play in ethical leadership?
A. Preventing conflict resolution
B. Encouraging silence during ethical issues
C. Building trust and ethical alignment
D. Reducing transparency in strategy
C

What can happen if users are excluded from Al impact discussions?
A. They contribute less
B. Systems may not reflect public values
C. Faster deployment
D. Lower training costs
B

Which approach promotes inclusive communication?
A. Using a single communication channel
B. Considering diverse cultural and accessibility needs
C. Focusing only on majority perspectives
D. Standardizing all messages
B,D

Which of the following are important qualities of a press release? (Select two.)
A. It's in a digital format
B. It's non-interactive
C. It's delivered on a single platform
D. It's concise
A,D

What is a challenge of explainability in complex Al systems?
A. It makes models faster
B. Users don't care about explanations
C. Black-box algorithms are hard to interpret
D. It improves transparency instantly
C

How can sentiment analysis be useful in social media communication?
A. It can shape the content and delivery of the message based on users' perceptions of the
organization or technology.
B. It can classify customers as loyal or disloyal, helping you target customers differently in
your communications.
C. It can determine which users have the largest influence on your reputation, and therefore
which users you should communicate with.
D. It can determine how to construct a message that influences users to be more positive
about the organization or technology.
A

Which of the following are useful strategies for communicating ethical risks to
the organization? (Select two.)
A. Communicate information through a single voice
B. Disseminate information in multiple formats
C. Communicate information in real time
D. Provide information only when solicited
B,C

What is the purpose of a holding statement in crisis and media communications?
A. To order the business to temporarily halt certain operations
B. To retain the services of specific media outlets
C. To pre-write communications before they are needed
D. To prevent personnel from communicating prematurely
C

Which of the following communication tactics help uphold transparency and
explainability from the customer perspective? (Select two.)
A. Providing prompt responses to customer questions about the decisions made by data-
driven systems.
B. Providing information about data-driven systems in simple, easy-to-understand terms.
C. Providing in-depth white papers on the algorithms that underlie data-driven systems.
D. Providing guidelines for how customers can keep their private data secure when using
data-driven systems.
A,B

What role does social media play in promoting products and building brand
reputation?
A. Facilitates direct engagement with consumers
B. Guarantees higher sales numbers
C. Eliminates the need for customer feedback
D. Focuses solely on aesthetic appeal
A


Why are deep learning and machine learning called narrow? Select two options.
A. Narrow can only perform the specific tasks it was designed to do.
B. Narrow Al can't handle situations that its training data didn't prepare it for.
C. Narrow Al is dependent on hand-coding of its algorithms.
A,B

The optimistic view of general Al could be accurately summarized as Al as a
A. utility
B. peace-keeping tool
C. human right
D. weapon
A

Which of the following are examples of how Al can limit human autonomy?
(Select two.)
A. Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making
capability or understand the decision making.
B. Al systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children
differently than the rest of the population, which could limit those groups' autonomy.
C. Al systems can assist individuals with automated, repetitive, or dangerous tasks.
D. Al systems can perform tasks that humans cannot, such as processing millions of data
records in a matter of seconds.
A,B

For a model to clean, parse, and self-train it's own dataset while remaining
impartial, the model needs
A. more powerful computing algorithms to auto-scrub data
B. a list of bias and domain tests to run and adjust for
C. 10x the amount of data
D. a test for recency bias
A

Which of the following best distinguishes between responsibility, accountability,
and liability?
A. Responsibility is the duty to complete a task, accountability is ownership of outcomes, andliability is legal obligation for any potential damages
B. Responsibility is managing outcomes, accountability involves delegating tasks, and liabilityis financial responsibility
C. Responsibility and accountability are synonymous, while liability is the duty to performtasks
D. Liability and accountability are the same, whereas responsibility is irrelevant in business
A

Which of the following, by itself, qualifies as personally identifiable information
(PII)?
A. System events added to a log
B. A user's home address
C. Temperature readings for an office building
D. A user's customer ID in an online ordering system
B

Which of the following are actions that can help combat implicit bias? (Select
three.)
A. Obtaining your information from the same one or two media sources that your family and
friends access.
B. Cultivating awareness of your own biases.
C. Interacting with diverse groups of people.
D. Exposing yourself to "counter-stereotypical" examples.
B,C,D

Model inputs of address with "City + State" as separate inputs from a dataset
would violate which accuracy guideline?
A. Domain expertise
B. No correlating data
C. First principles
D. Objective summarization
B

Which type of bias causes people to trust an automated decision-making system
(ADS) over a human's decision?
A. Implicit bias
B. Automation bias
C. Complacency bias
D. Confirmation bias
B

A predictive model's false negative result can be defined as
A. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was positive
B. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was negative
C. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was negative
D. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was positive
D



How can confirmation bias impact us socially? (Select two.)
A. It can lead to a diverse set of friends.
B. It can prevent us from being social with other people.
C. It can impede socio-political cooperation.
D. It can lead to groupthink, which can in turn halt forward progress.
C,D

Which emerging technology area requires the most immediate ethical attention?
A. All emerging technologies require ethical consideration
B. Only artificial intelligence
C. Only biotechnology
D. Only robotics
A

In a complex learning function, we will understand the
A. causal link, correlation
B. algorithm, cause and effect
C. inputs/outputs, algorithm
D. input data, output data
C


What is the ultimate goal of ethics in emerging technology?
A. Slow down technological progress
B. Ensure technology serves humanity's best interests
C. Increase regulatory compliance costs
D. Make development more complex
B

"Companies have an obligation to their shareholders" is part of a view that sees
artificial intelligence as
A. an overall good for humanity, no matter the consequences
B. just another tool that accelerates research, like online advertising
C. a gimmick for enterprises, unless general intelligence is achieved
D. a harmful tool that will bring about the end of capitalism
B

What is the impact of biased algorithms on decision-making?
A. They can lead to unfair and discriminatory outcomes
B. They enhance the precision and accuracy of decisions
C. They ensure all stakeholders are considered equally
D. They guarantee privacy and security in all data processes
A

What is one of the recommendations for governments?
A. Promote human values.
B. Promote transparency in Al.
C. Promote international cooperation.
D. Promote collaboration.
B

Which of the following ethical domains does the IEEE 7000 series explore?
(Select two.)
A. Emulated empathy
B. Machine-readable privacy terms
C. Fair competition
D. Personnel safety
A,B

A model that equalizes the number of mistakes it makes for each subgroup to
reduce harm is deciding on
A. equality of true outcomes
B. equality of false negatives
C. equality of training data
D. equality of prediction bias
B

Your business handles the personal data of California residents. Which of the
following regulations would enable a resident to request that their data be
deleted from your company's files?
A. PCI DSS
B. OECD Privacy Guidelines
C. COPPA
D. CCPA
D

Which international standard provides guidelines for Al governance?
A. ISO 27001
B. IEEE Standards
C. ISO/IEC 42001
D. HIPAA
A

If you are attempting to build a new framework for the research and
development (R&D) of Al, which of the following frameworks might you look at
first for its emphasis in this area?
A. The Beijing Al Principles
B. The American Medical Association's definition of artificial intelligence
C. The G20 Al Principles
D. The Montreal Declaration for a Responsible Development of Artificial Intelligence
A

Why is the question of robot rights and emancipation one that isn't as important
as addressing issues of bias, privacy, transparency, and other principles discussed
in the various ethical frameworks?
A. These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not
feasible.
B. Humans are anthropocentric and don't want to extend rights to other sentient entities
C. There is no legal precedent for granting rights to entities that are not humans.
D. Robots are mechanical instruments and therefore don't deserve to have rights.
A

Which of the following software development principles is essential in the real-
world deployment of Al-enabled software applications in critical scenarios like
self-driving cars?
A. Robustness to adversarial examples
B. Architectural design analysis
C. Continuous integration and deployment of patch updates
D. Version control of the Al models deployed
A

What does the GDPR primarily regulate?
A. Artificial intelligence development
B. Data protection and privacy
C. Software quality assurance
D. Network security protocols
B

How can a leader promote ethical behavior across an organization?
A. By making decisions in isolation
B. By enforcing silence on ethical issues
C. By modeling ethical behavior and encouraging open dialogue
D. By limiting diversity in teams
C

Which of the following might be a risk of not having an ethical organizational
culture?
A. Employees might be less interested in their careers.
B. Employees might face cognitive dissonance.
C. Employees will experience a faster approval process to get a product launched.
D. Employees are more likely to express their opinions about the company.
B

How can an organization promote an ethical culture from the top down?
A. Leadership actively models ethical behavior
B. Emphasizing profit margins over ethical considerations
C. Ignoring unethical behavior if it increases efficiency
D. Relying solely on external audit reports
A

Which of the following is a problematic reason to pilot a code of ethics prior to
widespread deployment?
A. The pilot phase helps to identify gaps in the current code of ethics.
B. The pilot phase helps to develop awareness and buy-in from the relevant stakeholders in
the organization.
C. The pilot phase demonstrates the seriousness of the organization with respect to its ethical
responsibilities.
D. The pilot phase helps to stress test a code of ethics in a real-world situation.
C

Why is fair competition an important ethical consideration for data-driven
technology businesses?
A. Fair competition prevents predatory pricing.
B. Fair competition builds user trust in technology as a whole.
C. Fair competition provides products choice to users.
D. Fair competition provides service choice to users.
B

What is one outcome of building an ethical culture within an organization?
A. Reduced compliance with regulation
B. Higher trust among stakeholders
C. Slower development processes
D. More hierarchical power structure
B

What makes ethical leadership crucial in the data-driven age?
A. It focuses solely on profit
B. It empowers ethical culture and trust
C. It allows ignoring stakeholders
D. It prevents communication
A

Which expression best characterizes what a company or organizational culture
is?
A. "This is how we want this done."
B. "This is how things are done around here."
C. "It is what it is."
D. "This is what we're told to do."
B

What is the most effective way to measure ethical implementation success?
A. Financial metrics only
B. Combination of stakeholder feedback, incident tracking, and outcome assessment
C. Legal compliance scores only
D. Technical performance metrics only
B

How can fair competition in data-driven technologies foster innovation and
trust?
A. By encouraging diverse ideas and approaches
B. By limiting access to new technologies
C. By enforcing uniformity in data processing methods
D. By prioritizing profit over ethical standards
A


















Which of the following risk analysis methods use words like "likely," "unlikely," and "rare" to describe the
likelihood of risk, and words like "low," "medium," and "high" to describe the impact of risk? (Select two.)

A. Semi-qualitative analysis

B. Quantitative analysis

C. Semi-quantitative analysis

D. Qualitative analysis


In reverse-engineering a double coin flip differential model, what would be the amount of truthful "yes/no"
responses in our dataset?

A. 75%

B. 25%

C. 100%

D. 50%

During cross-validation, which of the following dataset splits is used to tune the performance of a model?

A. Training set

B. Test set

C. Validation test

D. Unit test

When used in recommendation engines, explainable algorithms can help answer the question of

A. why?

B. how?

C. who?

D. what?

Which of the following is a recommended security practice for machine learning datasets?

A. Ensure your team is full of different perspectives

B. Enact a sound data governance structure

C. Perform threat modeling with beneficial algorithms

D. Create a chain of command

Which of the following are potential ethical benefits of conducting pilot testing prior to the release of emerging
technologies? (Select two.)

A. It certifies that a product's developers are legally accountable.

B. It minimizes the impact of any ethical issues which may emerge.

C. It demonstrates that the system is functional as early as possible in order to satisfy senior management
and investor stakeholders.

D. It reveals any gaps in accountability or auditability.

Differential privacy works by adding what to a dataset?

A. filters

B. fairness scoring

C. noise

D. k-anonymity


Which of the following describes the technique of homomorphic encryption?

A. A method of swapping public and private keys between hosts.

B. A method of cryptography that hides data inside other data.

C. A method of performing operations on encrypted data.

D. A method of mitigating biased algorithms through enhanced secrecy.

Which team typically oversees penetration test operations and adherence to the rules of engagement (ROE)?

A. Blue team

B. Red team

C. Purple team

D. White team

Which of the following is a platform that includes hundreds of security exploit tools?

A. Zenmap

B. Nmap

C. Kali Linux

D. Wireshark

You want to solicit feedback from users who are seeking explanations about your Al products and services.
So, you decide to place a form on your marketing website that users can fill out. Which of the following is the
best way to structure that form for the purpose of collecting useful feedback?

A. Provide a drop-down menu of feedback categories that users can select from, with a promise that you'll
follow up via email.

B. Provide a series of open questions with a single-line entry field where users can provide short answers.

C. Provide a series of yes or no questions with radio buttons where users select their respective answers.

D. Provide a large, unrestricted text box where users can enter their thoughts at length.

Which of the following are fundamental risk management tasks? (Select two.)

A. Mitigation

B. Authentication

C. Compliance

D. Identification

Which of the following are important steps to document during an auditing process? (Select two.)

A. Provide significant advance notice before an audit.

B. Specify and document what precisely is being audited.

C. Specify a purpose for the audit or an agenda to be covered.

D. Document the audit procedures to be followed.


Which of the following measures is best suited for reporting results to an audience?

A. Standard deviation

B. Variance

C. Mode

D. Median

A hospital dataset protects whether an individual has had either a stroke, heart attack, or staph infection. The
individual may still be harmed via dataset

A. group inclusion

B. privacy columns

C. k-anonymity

D. security issues

The organization needs to ask itself about any quality control issues it may be having. Which of the following
processes is most suitable for asking and answering that question?

A. Business impact assessment

B. Lessons learned report

C. Vulnerability audit

D. Business continuity plan

Why is it important to take a proactive approach to addressing liability issues?

A. The law often lags behind innovation.

B. The law is not always applied consistently.

C. The law is not always clear.

D. The law often difficult to understand.

When you deliver periodic statements about a crisis to the media, what should the first statement do?

A. Provide in-depth details about the situation

B. Survey public opinion of the organization

C. Set the tone of what is to follow

D. Accept responsibility for perceived problems

What is the benefit of hosting a virtual reality press conference over a traditional in-person press conference?

A. It will be easier to communicate your overall message to your audience.

B. The conference will be easily accessible to all willing participants.

C. The conference can be interactive without the participants needing to be co-located.

D. The participants will be impressed by your leveraging of new and exciting technologies.

Which of the following are important factors to consider when developing a media campaign? (Select two.)

A. The environment in which the campaign will be launched

B. The effect the campaign has on the organization's bottom line

C. The time-sensitive nature of communication in the campaign

D. The risks that will be talked about in the campaign

Which of the following are pitfalls in communicating risks to the organization? (select two.)

A. Having a disjoined message.

B. Following up messaging with an audience.

C. Not paying attention to the flow of messaging.
D. Coordinating a message between departments.

Which of the following should be conducted as part of a risk communication strategy in order to ensure the
organization is upholding its regulatory obligations?
A. Business impact assessment (BIA)
B. Compliance audit
C. Ethical risk review
D. Public relations campaign

Which of the following describes the purpose of a business impact assessment (BIA)?
A. It helps you predict business interruptions and develop recovery strategies.
B. It helps you identify what risks you can accept or transfer to third party.
C. It help you evaluate how a product or service could fail to apply ethical values to a society.
D. It helps you identify what risks you can accept or transfer to your customers.

Why is it important to engage stakeholders at the beginning of the ethical risk management process?
A. It proves that you are completely equipped to address any ethical risks in your data-driven systems.
B. It lets stakeholders know that the organization cannot address ethical risks in data-driven systems without
input from stakeholders first.
C. It helps the organization avoid legal trouble during the development and deployment of data-driven systems.
D. It demonstrates that the organization is committed to accountability and transparency in their data-driven
systems.
Why is it important to categorize ethical risks into different types? (Select two.)
A. It makes it easier for us to identify and manage different types of risks.
B. It ensures that customers and other external stakeholders know that we take ethical risks seriously.
C. It helps us understand the many complexities involved in different types of ethical risks.
D. It helps us consider risk mitigation in terms of universal tactics that apply to all potential kinds of ethical risk.

What is a likely outcome for a weather app using a learning algorithm to figure out where to put their future
weather stations?
A. Accessing weather forecasts from local broadcasts
B. Storing data in an AWS instance with all weather stations in the country
C. Collecting weather data every time the app is opened, knowing the temperature where the app is being used
D. Collecting location data every time the app is opened, potentially learning where a user lives, works, etc.

A type of artificial intelligence that outperforms humans in all tasks is known as
A. General Al
B. Outwit Al
C. Specific Al
D. Encompassing Al


Which of the following best describes what an algorithm is?
A. a recipe that a computer uses to solve problems
B. a type of process a human uses to write down what steps need to happen to get a problem solved
C. a type of computer that calculates problem-solving methods
D. a list of ingredients a computer uses to generate problems to solve

A predictive model's true positive result can be defined as
A. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was negative
B. the predicted result was negative, and the actual result was positive
C. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was positive
D. the predicted result was positive, and the actual result was negative

An algorithm that takes an input, tries 10 different sorting techniques, and uses the best fit on the next 100
inputs is best described as a
A. implicit algorithm
B. data algorithm
C. learning algorithm
D. explicit algorithm

Are criminal justice risk assessments race-neutral?
A. No, it is designed with intention to be unfair.
B. Yes, technology in itself is not racist.
C. No, the data is biased as it reflects historical bias.
D. Yes, algorithms replace human judgement and they are unbiased.

Which of the following are key principles of privacy by design? (Select two.)
A. Organizations must incorporate privacy protections throughout the project lifecycle.
B. Organizations must not expose the operational practices and technologies used to protect user privacy.
C. Organizations must keep the focus of privacy protections on the business rather than the user.
D. Organizations must be proactive in protecting against privacy risks, not reactive.
Which of the following elements are important aspects of ethical integrity with regards to data? (Select two.)

A. If the holders of data are trustworthy entities.
B. Whether the data was gathered in an ethical manner.
C. If the data is commercially viable or monetarily valuable.
D. What type of data (audio, visual, etc.) is being collected and/or utilized.

When building a predictive model, what is the goal of the deployment phase?
A. To plug in 40% of your dataset, testing the model's accuracy
B. To use the model in real-life predictions, monitoring the error rate and accuracy
C. To get the model to accept new inputs, train, and repeat training until it finds a better curve
D. To specify the type of algorithm the model should use and make sure the data is cleaned/formatted

Which of the following are examples of how Al can limit human autonomy? (Select two.)
A. Weapon systems can limit human autonomy as humans may not have decision-making capability or
understand the decision making.
B. Al systems might impact certain vulnerable groups such as the elderly and children differently than the rest
of the population, which could limit those groups' autonomy.
C. Al systems can assist individuals with automated, repetitive, or dangerous tasks.
D. Al systems can perform tasks that humans cannot, such as processing millions of data records in a
matter of seconds.

Which type of bias causes people to trust an automated decision-making system (ADS) over a human's
decision?
A. Implicit bias
B. Automation bias
C. Complacency bias
D. Confirmation bias

An unintended negative outcome of programming a broad goal into general intelligence is known as
A. an enduring output
B. artificial sanctification
C. perverse instantiation
D. an ethical dilemma

If you are doing an analysis of data to determine which of several small businesses you should purchase to
gain the maximum benefit to your overall company finances, what type of analysis are you doing?
A. Descriptive
B. Prescriptive
C. Predictive
D. Cumulative

How does increasing Al performance often conflict with the desire for explainability?
A. Increasing Al performance sometimes reduces the transparency of input data used in training, making it
more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
B. Increasing Al performance sometimes leads to greater model complexity, making it more difficult to explain
decision-making processes.
C. Increasing Al performance sometimes leads to certain evaluation metrics no longer being useful, making it
more difficult to explain decision-making processes.
D. Increasing Al performance sometimes removes human-in-the-loop (HITL) methods, making it more difficult
to explain decision-making processes.

A model that makes more mistakes by moving its decision threshold down 40% of its worthiness metric will
be potentially
A. more accurate and fairer
B. less accurate and less fair
C. fairer but less accurate
D. less fair but more accurate

Which subset of transparency involves describing the system to a non-expert?
A. Explainability
B. Interpretability
C. Auditability
D. Useability

Which of the following ethical considerations should have priority in an emergency situation like the use of
contact-tracing solutions during a pandemic? (Select two.)
A. Privacy
B. Accountability
C. Explainability
D. Bias

A ___________ the system model can still be unfair even though it won't explicitly know which groups are being inputted into
A. biased training
B. blind attribute
C. single attribute
D. false-negative optimized

Fairness in machine learning can protect groups from bias, but can still harm
A. training datasets
B. researchers
C. future models
D. individuals within those groups

Why do smart toys raise additional ethical concerns over those that are raised in the course of other products
and services that use Al?
A. They are used in the privacy of homes rather than in public settings, like other products or services.
B. The smart toys store personal data on the device, which can be stolen.
C. It is difficult to obtain informed consent for the use of the smart toy.
D. Children are more susceptible to manipulation and therefore need extra protective measures.

Which of the following are important elements of the data minimization principle? (Select two.)
A. Only collect data that is strictly necessary
B. Only keep data for as long as it is needed
C. Only delete data that can be easily replaced
D. Only compress data that needs to be kept as small as possible

Which type of entity are the OECD Principles on Artificial Intelligence mostly geared towards?
A. Individuals
B. Municipal governments
C. National governments
D. Private corporations

Which of the following describes an ethical framework?
A. Ethical frameworks raise timeless ethical questions that are not easily put into action.
B. Ethical frameworks apply meta-ethical theories to everyday business operations.
C. Ethical frameworks consolidate regulatory requirements for an industry.
D. Ethical frameworks seek to mitigate ethical concerns by creating actionable steps.

Which organizational resource is most commonly used in terms of fostering an ethical organizational culture?
A. Physical resources
B. Informational resources
C. Financial resources
D. Human resources

Which of the following would be the most beneficial stage to hold ethical risk reviews for a new project that
your team is undertaking?
A. Development
B. Deployment
C. Design
D. Conception

How can the human resources department help build an ethical organizational culture?
A. Hiring candidates based on their technical skills.
B. Hiring candidates based on their culture fit.
C. Hiring candidates based on their leadership skills.
D. Hiring candidates based on their soft skills.

Is an open door policy equivalent to ensuring employee voice?
A. No, because an open door policy is the opposite of employee voice.
B. Yes, because both allow employees to speak up.
C. Yes, because an open door policy is essential for employee voice.
D. No, because an open door policy does not ensure employees feel heard.
D
Which of the following presents the most important argument for why we need to consider the impact of Al on
labor in the design, development, and deployment of data-driven technology?
A. There is still a need for human workers in human-in-the-loop mechanisms.
B. The organization would like to avoid having to deal with union concerns.
C. There may be an impact on worker productivity if they are not included in all phases.
D. There might be potential labor rights and human rights violations.
D
Why is fair competition an important ethical consideration for data-driven technology businesses?
A. Fair competition prevents predatory pricing.
B. Fair competition builds user trust in technology as a whole.
C. Fair competition provides products choice to users.
D. Fair competition provides service choice to users.
B
Which of the following is a potential benefit of having an ethical organizational culture?
A. More employees are likely to switch careers.
B. Employees will feel a sense of responsibility and loyalty.
C. Employees are more likely to listen to their superiors.
D. The company will get an increase in stock value.
B
To which of the following groups would a code of ethics not be applicable?
A. Developers of the data-driven technology system
B. Designers of the data-driven technology system
C. Business managers of the data-driven technology system
D. Data subjects of the data-driven technology system
D
Which of the following is a misuse of intellectual property (IP) when it comes to ethical accountability for an
organization?
A. Collecting returns on investments made in research and development.
B. Filing a patent for the IP that makes non-obvious information known to the public.
C. Enhancing the security posture of a product or service.
D. Using IP as a defensive mechanism to eschew transparency requirements.
D
Which of the following is a notable aspect of the Personal Information Protection and Electronic Documents
Act (PIPEDA) when compared to similar laws and regulations?
A. Its exclusive focus on a single domain rather than a breadth of domains
B. The early date of its inauguration
C. Its nationwide scope and specific national focus
D. A stipulation to continue providing service even if data usage is denied
D
Why is the question of robot rights and emancipation one that isn't as important as addressing issues of bias,
privacy, transparency, and other principles discussed in the various ethical frameworks?
A. These rights necessitate that robots become sentient entities, which is currently not feasible.
B. Humans are anthropocentric and don't want to extend rights to other sentient entities.
C. There is no legal precedent for granting rights to entities that are not humans.
D. Robots are mechanical instruments and therefore don't deserve to have rights.
A
What is the function of a red team in a penetration testing exercise?
A. To conduct the simulated attacks.
B. To defend against the simulated attacks.
C. To officiate the simulated attacks.
D. To disable the attacks.
A